Class, pay attention.
This will be
on the final exam‐‐ Ahh!
Is it multiple choice?
Sure hope it is.
I ace those!
I always answer "C",
as in "See ya later"!
Hey, you!
Ever think
of taking Driver's Ed?!
Of course not!
Never needed it!
Watch out!
Coming through!
But what I do need is a...
geography lesson!
Where am I?!
(Doctor)
Professor,
unknown individuals
have landed
on the island!
Very good.
I expected as much,
so no need to worry.
But, Yusho Sakaki,
you and your friends
have much
to be worried about.
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
(Yusho)
So here we are...
Duel Academy.
(Alexis)
Something's not right.
This place is
usually crawling
with security guards.
Mm‐hmm.
There's certainly no hustle
or bustle brewing about,
but perhaps we shouldn't
look a gift horse
in the mouth, Alexis.
I guess.
No more wasting time.
There's the tower
where they're
holding Lulu hostage!
I'm going in.
Hold up!
I said hold up,
not hold me down.
Sorry, got confused.
Alexis, call off
your dog!
I'm on your side!
Fine, I'll let you up,
but don't try
anything funny.
I've no time
for you anyway.
Huh!
What's your problem?
Yugo?
How'd you get here?
I didn't see you
on the boat.
The "yuze".
Zuzu's bracelet
started glowing again,
and zip, zap, zam,
here I am.
Uh, forget I asked.
Glad you're
here, though.
Where is here anyway?
Duel Academy.
Ahh!
You didn't just say
Duel Academy, did you?!
I did.
And we know where
your dear friend Rin is.
What?!
Tell me where she is
right now!
They've got her
locked up
in the east
tower somewhere.
Why didn't you say so
in the first place?!
(chuckles)
They have their missions,
now what do you say
we go and tackle ours?
Yeah, let's do this.
(Yusho)
Time to go meet Leo.
Alrighty!
Penthouse suite,
I'm coming your way!
Hang in there, RinRin!
(Kite)
Don't worry, Shay,
I'll free your sister
and have her home by dinner!
I just can't believe it.
I can't believe Celina
kidnapped Zuzu.
Facts is facts.
Duel Academy's got
Celina and Zuzu,
and also Shay's
sister Lulu.
Yeah, and let's not forget
about Yugo's friend
Rin either
Yuya, if Rin's here,
Yugo can't be far behind.
I'm sure he'll
join our fight.
But why do we even have to
fight in the first place?
And why's the Professor
after every Zuzu look‐a‐like?
Sora, you've talked to him.
Remember anything else
he said?
Even something that
didn't sound important
at the time
could be a big clue.
Sorry, Yuya.
I really don't.
All I know
is what you know.
That the Professor started
the Arc Area Project
to combine the four
dimensions into one.
But beyond that?
He didn't tell me.
But he specifically
went after anyone
who looked like Zuzu.
And that tells Gong
that them there four girls
are the key
to the Professor's plans
for his Arc Area Project.
(Sora)
Wow, Gong.
You sounded intelligent
for once.
But you're right.
Four girls,
four dimensions,
one girl from each dimension.
The Professor must
really need them
to carry out his Project,
and he now has 'em all.
But this is also the key
to stopping his plans!
What do you mean?
Gong's reckonin'
that if we
rescue 'em all,
the Arc Area Project comes
to a complete standstill!
You're right.
So our one and only mission
is to go save our friends!
Yeah!
Okay!
I am the guardian
of the west tower... Diana.
Lulu's in there,
isn't she?
Unless you defeat me first,
you'll never get
the chance to find out!
Well then, what are
we waiting for?
(both)
Let's duel!
I shall make
the first move.
And with it I activate...
Polymerization!
And with it I shall
fuse Guardian Baou
and Penumbral
Soldier Lady!
When this righteous,
slashing sword
shines in the blinding
bright lunar light,
the two warriors
become one!
I Fusion Summon...
Penumbral Keeper!
Hyah!
Next, Penumbral
Keeper strengthens
my and her defenses
by summoning
a Keeper Shield Token!
As long as I have
this Token,
you're not allowed to
attack Penumbral Keeper.
It's your move.
Hmm!
RinRin, I'm here
to save you!
I am the guardian
of the eastern
tower... Apollo!
Zip it!
I don't care if you're
a hollow or a swallow!
I only want one thing
from you, Geezer Caesar
and that's Rin!
Now be a pal
and go get her!
If you want her
so badly,
then you are first
going to have
to defeat me.
Well, that isn't
going to be a problem.
I hope you and your toga
are ready to tussle!
(both)
Let's duel!
I shall take
the first turn,
young man.
And with it, I activate
Polymerization!
I fuse Guardian Tryce
and Luminous Soldier!
When their glistening
swords shine in the sun,
my two brave battlers
shall become one!
I Fusion Summon...
Luminous Keeper!
I activate
Luminous Keeper's
special ability,
which strengthens
my and its defenses
by summoning
a Keeper Shield Token!
When this Token
is in my possession,
Luminous Keeper
cannot be vanquished.
With that, I place
one card facedown
and end my turn!
All right, then I'm up!
For starters, I activate
he spell card
Speedroid Scratch!
By discarding
one Speedroid,
I can get
a different Speedroid!
And this new one
is exactly what I wanted!
By summoning Speedroid
Double Yoyo...
I can bring back another
Speedroid from my graveyard,
The Tuner Monster, Speedroid
Den‐Den Daiko Duke!
And now Level 3 Speedroid
Den‐Den Daiko Duke
tunes with Level 4
Speedroid Double Yoyo!
I Synchro Summon
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
(roars)
It's my turn!
And I'll start it off
by summoning
Cipher Wing!
And when I have
one Cipher Wing
out on my field,
I can summon another
one from my hand
to come out
and join it!
Next up...
I activate the spell
card Double Exposure.
Which means
my Cipher Wings Levels
double to 8!
I overlay my two
Level 8 Cipher Wings
in order to build...
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon...
Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon!
(roars)
You have begun
by summoning your
strongest monster first!
You're obviously trying
to end this duel quickly,
but I prefer
we have a little fun.
(both)
I activate...
the trap Admiration
Of The Keepers!
This card negates Clear
Wing Synchro Dragon's
special abilities...
while it also summons
two Keeper Shield
Tokens to my field!
(roars)
(Diana)
Your Dragon doesn't
have much bite now...
and with two more
Keeper Shield tokens
added to my field,
it wouldn't matter
if it did!
But your monster
is allowed to attack
all my Tokens at once.
And I strongly suggest
that you do...
or it will be
automatically destroyed.
So are you going
to attack or not?
The choice seems
rather simple to me.
You certainly wouldn't
want to lose
your most powerful
monster, now would you?
I know you're
trying to trap me,
but I never have
and I never will
fight scared!
Galaxy‐Eyes, take out
one of her Tokens!
Cipher Stream
of Destruction!
Go time!
Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon,
blast away his Token!
(both)
Hmm!
(Apollo)
You fool!
You triggered
Luminous Keeper's
special ability!
By destroying
my Keeper Shield Token,
your Dragon loses
800 attack points,
and you also take
800 points of damage!
Ha ha ha ha!
Now you realize
your dilemma!
You must
keep attacking
if you want your
monster to live,
but every time
it does so,
it and your life
points grow weaker!
Feeling the burn yet?
Oh, I'm fired up alright.
You have set
Penumbral Keeper's
special ability
in motion!
Unfortunately for you,
by destroying my Token,
your monster loses
800 attack points!
But fortunately for me,
I gain 800 life points!
Heh heh heh!
So the more
of my Tokens
that you destroy,
the more attack points
your monster loses,
and the more
life points I gain.
Are you still
eager to attack?
I'm still eager to beat you!
There is only one way
for you to stop losing
more life points
and that way is
by ending your turn,
But that choice will
result in you losing
your most precious
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon.
I'll never choose to destroy
my Clear Wing, not ever!
Attack, Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon!
Take out
another one of his
Keeper Shield Tokens!
You should
truly learn to let go.
It's for the best.
Your winged friend
loses 800 attack points,
and you lose another
800 life points!
Attack the last Token!
And once again you and your
dragon shall pay the price!
A price you can
ill afford to pay
(moaning)
(breathing heavily)
If you think I'm gonna
give up my Galaxy‐Eyes,
your greatly mistaken.
We're taking you down!
Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon,
blast that Token
into bits!
(roars)
Such loyalty will only
lead to your demise.
But so be it.
I'm sure your friend
appreciates your sacrifice.
(Kite)
I have to keep
my eyes on the prize
and do whatever it takes
to win this battle.
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon,
attack one more time!
Destroy the third Token!
(roars)
And with that loss,
comes my gain.
(whimpering)
As your Dragon weakens
once again,
I shall reap my rewards.
Ha ha ha!
All that sacrifice
to keep your dragon.
I would find it admirable
if it wasn't so foolish.
Especially since you lost
over half your life points
to keep a monster that has
only 100 attack points!
Ya think?
Wha‐‐
Not only did I
get rid of every
one of your Tokens,
but since I took damage,
I'm allowed to summon
this bad boy,
Speedroid Gum Prize!
(grunts)
And now I tune
Level 1 Speedroid Gum Prize
with Level 7
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon
to pave the way for
an even mightier monster!
(roars)
I Synchro Summon!
Take flight, Crystal Wing
Synchro Dragon!
With Clear Wing's departure,
my trap card
Admiration Of The Keepers
will now be destroyed!
Facing seemingly
insurmountable odds,
this young man was able to
summon a greater monster.
Yet even skill
and good fortune
will not be enough to
defeat the mighty Apollo.
You sure about that?
Cause I'm about to put
my game into gear!
Since I used Speedroid
Gum Prize to Synchro Summon,
I'm allowed to draw
one card from my deck.
And if happens to be
a Speedroid,
I can send it
to the graveyard
to give
its attack points
to Crystal Wing
Synchro Dragon.
Deck don't fail me now!
If I don't draw a Speedroid,
it's all over for me.
Come on!
Rin's counting on me!
(heart beating)
Come on cards.
I draw!
Yes!
It's a Speedroid!
(grunts)
Speedroid Ohajikid,
give your 1,000 attack points
to Crystal wing!
(roars)
I'm getting Rin right now!
Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon
attack Luminous Keeper!
Even if you're able
destroy my monster,
I'll still end you
next turn‐‐ Huh?!
(engine revs)
There won't be a next turn!
When Crystal Wing
Synchro Dragon
battles a monster
that's
at least Level 5,
it gains that monster's
attack points!
Ah! Such power!
This cannot
be happening!
Oh, yes it can!
Go!
Crystal Cataclysmic Strike!
(roars)
Aaahhh!
Unh.
I hope Rin's okay!
(groaning)
(giggles)
Since you wanted to keep
your little pet around,
you've given me
an insurmountable
amount of life points.
Your Dragon's measly
600 attack points
won't even tickle.
(laughing)
On the contrary.
Oh!
You see, now that all
your Shield Tokens
are gone,
I'll activate
the spell card
Rank‐Up‐Magic
Cipher Pursuit!
You know why
I let you have all
those life points?
Because when you
have at least
2,000 life points
more than me,
I can Xyz Summon
one Cipher monster
that's one Rank higher
than my Galaxy‐Eyes!
Say farewell to
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon
and hello to a monster
of even greater
galactic power!
Go Rank Up
Xyz Evolution!
Arise, Neo Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon!
With Galaxy‐Eyes gone,
my trap
Admiration of the Keepers
is destroyed!
That's just the start!
Thanks to Cipher
Pursuit's effect,
Neo Galaxy‐Eyes can use
all its Overlay Units
to activate
its special ability!
Cipher Super Subjection!
By negating all
of your monster's
special abilities,
I gain control
of your monster!
And once it's mine,
I transform it
into another
Neo Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon!
Ugh! My monster's
fighting for him!
And next, I activate
the spell card
Galaxy‐Eyes Nova
from my hand!
I tribute my second
Neo Galaxy‐Eyes
to bring back
Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon
from my graveyard!
(roars)
(gasping)
Now you two rise up
and finish this
once and for all!
Attack!
(screeching)
(both screech)
No... this cannot be!
There's nothing much
to laugh about now,
is there?
Ahh!
Go, Double Cipher
Stream of Destruction!
Aah!
Lulu!
(moaning)
(Kite grunting)
Lulu!
Is that really you, Kite?
I can't believe it!
Come on, Shay's
waiting for you!
Oh!
Kite, thank you.
Unh!
Huh?!
RinRin!
(breathing heavily)
What's up?!
Yugo?
Rin!
(groaning)
What... was...
that... for?
Yugo, what took you
so long?!
Uh, Rin...
Don't you know
how worried I was,
that I'd never
see you again?
Scared out of my mind,
not knowing if‐‐
Yugo...
you jerk!
(sobbing)
Rin.
Heh!
You're safe now.
Safe.